Proposed text for software-rev list description (#136)
ietf-ivy-wg/network-inventory-yang: draft-ietf-ivy-network-inventory-yang.md

### Software Components

This document defines a "software-rev" list for NEs and components, which provide
basic software attributes of a Network Element.

> The scope of the list is to provide information about the working software running 
> on the related object (NE or component). It is modeled as a list to support
> scenario where multiple software binary are present on the object. E.g. on the NE 
> there could be an Operating System version and an Application version; in the same 
> way a component like a circuit pack may have a boot-loader code version, a firmware 
> version and one or more FPGA with the related version. 
> The use of the list allow to specify every working software item identified by
> its name and with the version information.

Reviewer: The text introduces the concept of "working software running" without defining it. For the YANG description, we have agreed to use the terminology "software modules configured to be active within the entity": see https://github.com/ietf-ivy-wg/network-inventory-yang/pull/131#issuecomment-3306550085

Better to align the terminology in the draft and in the YANG:

```suggestion
The scope of the list is to provide information about the software modules configured to be active 
on the related entity (network element or component).

The model supports scenarios where multiple software modules can be configured to be active on the entity. For example, on a network element an Operating System and an Application software modules can be configured to be active; in the same way, on a component like a circuit pack a boot-loader, a firmware 
and one or more FPGA software modules can be configured to be active.

For each software module, configured to be active, the name and version information is provided.
```

> Is not in the scope of this software-rev list to manage inactive/standby software 
> version of the same item and the related upgrade or downgrade life-cycle. 
> The management of the software life-cycle is deferred to an augmentation 
> data model like the one in {{?I-D.ietf-ivy-network-inventory-software}}. 

Reviewer: I would say that this is out of scope of the base inventory model:

```suggestion
The management of inactive/standby software 
modules and of the software upgrade or downgrade life-cycle are outside the scope of the base inventory model and can be addressed in other models which augment the base inventory model such as the model under definition in {{?I-D.ietf-ivy-network-inventory-software}}. 
```
